refactor(odsp-driver): Remove node-fetch usage (#23796)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/kind-news-tell.md

---
"@fluidframework/odsp-driver": minor
---
---
"section": other
---

> Removed dependency on node-fetch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
odsp-driver no longer depends on node-fetch
```

> The dependency on `node-fetch` has been removed in favour of native-fetch, which is available in all major browsers. Since v18 of Node, it doesn't require any extra flags when invoking the `node` executable. This should reduce Fluid's bundle size.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
The `@fluidframework/odsp-driver` package had a dependency on [node-fetch](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-fetch) to provide consistent behavior of the [Fetch API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API) across Node.js and browsers. Since v18 of Node.js, the Node-native Fetch API implementation no longer requires extra flags to be enabled, so the Fetch API is effectively now natively available on all browsers and Node.js. 

This dependency removal should reduce Fluid Framework's contribution to application bundle sizes.
````

> No impact is expected from this change, with the single exception of consumers running Fluid in a Node environement. with `--no-experimental-fetch`, which is not supported going forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We expect this change to have no impact for Fluid Framework consumers. However, if you are running Fluid in a Node.js environment with the `--no-experimental-fetch` flag, this is no longer supported.
```

---
"@fluidframework/odsp-driver": minor
---
---
"section": other
---

> Removed node-fetch dependency in favour of native fetch for improved compatibility and maintainability.

Reviewer 2: In changesets the first line will be used as the heading for the change (and we skip trailing stop for it), and anything else (leave an empty line between heading and this) as the description. What do you think of this?
```suggestion
Removed dependency on node-fetch

The dependency on `node-fetch` has been removed in favor of native fetch, which is available in all major browsers, and since v18 of Node it doesn't require any extra flags when invoking the `node` executable. This should reduce Fluid's bundle size.

No impact is expected from this change, with the single exception of consumers running Fluid in a Node environment with `--no-experimental-fetch`, which is not supported going forward.
```

And I think it's worth bringing up this change in Office hours to see what the team thinks about the last bit, and when we're comfortable making such a change.
